docs: add a quick guide on how to remove migrations (#120)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: docs/removing-migrations.md

# Process for removing runtime migrations

We want to keep the `migrations` lists in the runtimes nice and tidy, without keeping around a lot of migration code once we know it's no longer needed - meaning once it's been enacted and finalized on-chain.

The following is a quick guide/process for removing applied migrations while making sure you don't remove migrations not yet applied.

## Prerequisites

For some chain runtime `spec_version: a_bcd_efg,` (e.g. `spec_version: 1_000_001`):
- has been officially released on https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/releases/ as part of `Runtimes X.Y.Z` release/tag.
- the **on-chain** runtime version has been upgraded to spec version `a_bcd_efg` (using wasm blob released above), and block has been finalized.

## Steps

1. Sync tags: `git pull upstream main --tags`,
2. Check-out **the released** code: `git checkout vX.Y.Z`,
   - This is required to make sure you are not accidentally removing yet unreleased migrations (PRs merged between `X.Y.Z` release and when you are doing this).

> 3. Remove already applied runtime migrations (should be all), and create a local commit,
> 4. Create patch with your changes: `git format-patch -1`,
> 5. Now `git checkout main` and apply your patch `git am -3 0001-remove-migrations-applied-by-X.Y.Z.patch`,
>    - thus ensuring you are not removing any migrations merged to main after the release.
> 6. `git checkout -b <PR-branch-bla>`, `git push --set-upstream origin <PR-branch-bla>`, then open PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create patch with your changes: `git diff --patch > remove-migrations.patch`,
4. Now `git checkout main` and apply your patch `git am -3 remove-migrations.patch`,
   - thus ensuring you are not removing any migrations merged to main after the release.
5. `git checkout -b <PR-branch-bla>`, `git push --set-upstream origin <PR-branch-bla>`, then open PR.
```
